"""





  --generate num-images
              Generates num-images many images. Mutually exclusive with --png.

       --generate-x-resolution pixels
              Sets the horizontal resolution of the generated image(s) to
              pixels. Defaults to 1024.

       --generate-y-resolution pixels
              Sets the vertical resolution of the generated image(s) to
              pixels. Defaults to 1024.

       --generate-zero-mag-photons num-photoelectrons
              A star with magnitude 0 will cause num-photoelectrons many
              photoelectrons to be received by the sensor per time unit. A
              default value of 20,000 is chosen. See Liebe's, "tutorial on
              star tracker accuracy" for theoretical information on how to
              calculate this.

       --generate-saturation-photons saturation-photoelectrons

              When a pixel receives at least this many photoelectrons, it will
              appear completely white (at least before other noise is
              applied). Note that, because of noise, a pixel may still appear
              completely white if it receives less than saturation-
              photoelectrons many photoelectrons.

       --generate-spread-stddev stddev
              Sets the standard deviation of the Gaussian distribution we use
              to approximate the distribution of photons received from each
              star. Defaults to 1.0.

       --generate-shot-noise trueøfalse
              Enables or disables shot noise simulation in generated images.
              Defaults to true.

       --generate-dark-current noise-level
              Set observed brightness of dark current in the image, from 0 (no
              dark noise) to 1 (whole image pure white). Defaults to 0.1. cf
              --generate-sensitivity to control shot noise intensity.

       --generate-read-noise-stddev stddev
              Sets the standard deviation of Gaussian noise in the generated
              image(s) to stddev. Noise is measured in observed brightness,
              where 1 is the difference between pure white and pure black.



              --generate-centroids-only Æcentroids-onlyÅ
              If set (argument is not needed, but can be a bool), will not
              actually generate any pixel data -- only centroid positions.
              Much faster if only evaluating a star-id algorithm (eg sky
              coverage testing).

       --generate-ra, --generate-de, --generate-roll degrees
              Set the right ascension, declination, and roll of the generated
              image.

       --generate-random-attitudes ÆenableÅ
              Generate a random attitude for each generated image. Ignores
              specified ra, de, and roll if set.

       --generate-exposure exposure-time
              Controls the exposure time of generated images. Default is 0.2.
              Affects both motion blur and number of photons received per
              star.

       --generate-blur-ra, --generate-blur-de, --generate-blur-roll degrees
              Set the motion blur direction. By default, there is no motion
              blur (i.e., all of these are 0.0)

       --generate-readout-time readout-time
              Rolling shutter readout time for generated images. This is the
              time it takes from starting to capture the first row until
              finishing capturing the last row. Defaults to 0 (rolling shutter
              simulation disabled).

       --generate-false-stars num-false-stars
              The number of false stars generated. All are placed uniformly
              randomly around the celestial sphere. Defaults to 0 (no false
              stars generated)

       --generate-false-min-mag minimum-magnitude
              The minimum (weakest) magnitude that generated false stars
              should have. Defaults to 8.0.

       --generate-false-max-mag maximum-magnitude
              The maximum (strongest) magnitude that generated false stars
              should have. Defaults to 1.0.

       --generate-perturb-centroids perturbation-stddev
              Introduce artificial centroiding error. If provided, all the
              input and expected centroids will be shifted randomly according
              to a 2D Gaussian distribution with the given standard deviation
              (defaults to 0.2 pixel stddev). For evaluating star-id
              performance vs centroid error.

              performance vs centroid error.

       --generate-cutoff-mag half-chance-mag
              When evaluating star-id algos on generated images, we don't want
              every single catalog star in the FOV to be fed into the star-id
              algorithm. This option lets you control that! Every catalog star
              has some probability of being turned into an input centroid, and
              this specifies the magnitude that will have a 50% probability of
              being included in the input centroid list. An overly complicated
              mathematical function determines how that probability changes as
              you increase and decrease the magnitude from there, but it falls
              to 0 or 1 pretty quickly at either side.

              Set to a value of 100 or greater to disable cutoff and include
              all centroids.

       --generate-oversampling num-samples
              Perform num-samples many samples per pixel when generating
              images. Effectively performs antialiasing. num-samples must be a
              perfect square. Default 4.

       --generate-seed seed
              An integer seed to pass to the random number generator used
              during image generation.
  
  """